Community: meeting agendas and notes: mwf core developer's meeting 2012 03 08

ebollens edited this page Mar 8, 2012 · 2 revisions
Clone this wiki locally


  • Eric Bollens
  • Eric Chiang
  • Rich Trott
  • Ike Lin
  • Ed Sakabu

Table of Contents

MWF 1.3


Customizable Home Screen [Rich]

  • Last meeting: Running on staging environment at UCSF
  • Last meeting: Some UI niceties that need to happen (and some less important like draggable that might make later release)
  • Last meeting: Need to add a reset button
  • Pretty much still where it was last week
  • Feedback from Ike concerning UI email, since Rich didn't make UI a preference
  • Merge to develop once reset button is added and Ike's concerns have been addressed
JS Interactivity [Eric]
  • Trigger-target engine has been implemented
  • Extensible (callback registration) so anyone can write a library that uses trigger-target
  • More information
  • Next up on this is writing actual drivers for expandable, transitionable, etc.
Basic Native Container [Zorayr]

Valid phpDoc [Eric]

Acceptance Test [Rich]

  • In develop - move to complete features
Lightning Touch [Rich]
  • Any progress on making stuff more configurable and extricating UCSF-specific stuff?
  • Little bit of work, but nothing substantial worth talking about
JS Test Coverage [Ike]
  • Last meeting: Successful tests with coverage tool - should now be deleted
  • Has branch been selected? Rich deleted
MWF Decorators [Eric]
  • Last meeting: Eric to look into how to decouple and yet include
  • No update
Form Decorator [Ike]
  • Last meeting: [action] Want to go back over the API to make sure its consistent
    • Eric: Private functions should be prefixed with underscore to differentiate more from public
  • Android 2.2/3 screen size [Rich]
    • Feature proposal: instead of returning false, maybe return the unreliable figure
    • No updates on this yet - probably something we can wait on until we hear of a need
  • Padded to be made the default in MWF 1.3 [Eric]
  • Add support for button inside of content [Eric]
  • Fix H entity issue [Eric]


Forms UI/JS [Ike]

Lean CSS [Eric]

Messages UI [Ike]

JS Unit Tests [Rich]

JS Preferences [Rich]


JS-based Handler [Eric]

App Store

MWF 1.2

MWF 1.2.14

  • Fix in 1.2.13 fixed a bug that wasn't a bug, but rather a misuse of the decorator
    • Will be "unfixed" in next release and Rich to clarify with Sara on the motivating reason for this
    • This is in develop-1.2
  • mwf.userAgent [Rich/Eric]
    • Several parsing bugs that Rich identified in mwf.userAgent with bad parsing
    • Discussion: what should be done about body telemetry?
      • Major+Minor for version on OS
      • 1% threshold on OSes


  • Branch discussion
    • develop-1.2 is to be merged to master
    • feature/analytics can be merged to develop
    • [ACTION] feature/cache_object should be reviewed for next week
  • Development version of DTS available at
    • Last meeting: A number of changes have been committed by Rich into MWF that need to merge to DTS
    • No new updates
  • Alpha version of MWF Decorators (extricated) available at
    • Will need to include the new Form decorator
    • No new updates
  • MWRS development is continuing at
    • Request access from Eric Bollens if desired and do not have it
    • Eric B has completed a number of services
      • poll/id, poll/hash, poll/search, poll/respond, poll/open, poll/close, poll/activate, poll/deactivate, poll/create, poll/edit, manager/polls, manager/search, manager/add, manager/remove
      • Service API Specification is living document based on
    • Jackson and Eric C are working on mobile client
      • Moving forward with poll management features
    • Timeline is looking to be really tight
  • MWF Drupal meeting invite was sent out